README.md, before:

# Current task
 - Add accessibility to hamburger menu
   - hamburger is NOT keyboard selectable right now (it is by spaceebar, not by enter...)
   - nav menu is focusable, even when hidden!

# ToDo
 - add favicon
 - style form elements when hover, focus, etc
 - adjust in-page links for nav-menu height...
 - add footer with links to
   - my github
   - photo and video reference
   - icon reference
 - Make "sign-up" nav link scroll to closest...top, or bottom
     OR
     Make it open a dialogue box in the center of the screen
 - remove .gitignore /img/ add images to version control

# freeCodeCamp Product Landing Page Project

## Live site on GitHub Pages
 - Incomplete:
  - . 
 - project completion date
 
### Project: Product Landing Page
freeCodeCamp - https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/responsive-web-design/responsive-web-design-projects/build-a-product-landing-page

Build a website using HTML and CSS that is functionally similar to https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/RKRbwL

## Goals
 - Use semantic and accesible HTML
 - Make it responsive
 - Make it actually look good
 
## Things I learned
- calc() CSS function
- nth-of-type() CSS function
- alt="" for images that are purely decoration
- embed a video
- create a pure CSS hamburger menu using a checkbox
  - even though this is a poor use of a checkbox, and CSS
  - this should really be done with JS, then the menu can be closed upon clicking a link, etc
- anchor link to specific page elements
- change svg image color in a text editor
- 

### References
- mountain icon
  - https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/mountains_852115
  - <div>Mountain icon made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/">www.flaticon.com</a></div>
- photos

### Tasks Left Unfinished Due to Time Constraints
-

Commit message:

Hide hamburger menu franken-button checkbox from screen readers

README.md, after:

# Current task
 - Add accessibility to hamburger menu
   - hamburger is NOT keyboard selectable right now (it is by spaceebar, not by enter...)
   - nav menu is focusable, even when hidden!

# ToDo
 - style form elements when hover, focus, etc
 - adjust in-page links for nav-menu height...
 - add footer with links to
   - my github
   - photo and video reference
   - icon reference
 - Make "sign-up" nav link scroll to closest...top, or bottom
     OR
     Make it open a dialogue box in the center of the screen
 - remove .gitignore /img/ add images to version control

# freeCodeCamp Product Landing Page Project

## Live site on GitHub Pages
 - Incomplete:
  - . 
 - project completion date
 
### Project: Product Landing Page
freeCodeCamp - https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/responsive-web-design/responsive-web-design-projects/build-a-product-landing-page

Build a website using HTML and CSS that is functionally similar to https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/RKRbwL

## Goals
 - Use semantic and accesible HTML
 - Make it responsive
 - Make it actually look good
 
## Things I learned
- calc() CSS function
- nth-of-type() CSS function
- alt="" for images that are purely decoration
- embed a video
- create a pure CSS hamburger menu using a checkbox
  - even though this is a poor use of a checkbox, and CSS
  - this should really be done with JS, then the menu can be closed upon clicking a link, etc
- anchor link to specific page elements
- change svg image color in a text editor
- tip of the iceberg for accessibility and screen readers
  - aria
- 

### References
- mountain icon
  - https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/mountains_852115
  - <div>Mountain icon made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/">www.flaticon.com</a></div>
- photos

### Tasks Left Unfinished Due to Time Constraints
- accessibility for hamburger menu button
  - should change look on :focus for keyboard only users
